I heard that Yi Xue was seriously ill and bedridden
Someone can cure it but not
Yes!
There is a rebel of the Qin family who can always cure a blood disease
Don't treat him
If he doesn't cure me, I want to see how many lives he has
Where's Yi Xue? Take me to see him. Okay
Young Master Yan please
How are you?
I told you.
I don't want to be a victim of my family's interests
Don't worry about me.
I simply like you.
But I have someone I like
who
The one who refused to treat me?
You like him?
He won't even treat you
You still like him?
He didn't treat me because Dong Jia was sorry for him
It's not his fault.
outrageous
Hu Jun brought that kid to me
Where is the love war